{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 Lesson 8 Knowledge Assessment
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf2 Matching
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Match the term in column 1 to its description in column 2.\cf0 \
\cf2 Column 1\cf0 \
\cf2 Column 2\cf0 \
\
\cf2 1. field \cf3 D\cf2 \
2. custom\cf0  \cf2 field \cf3 H\cf0 \
\cf2 3. table \cf3 A\cf0 \
\cf2 4. Format \cf3 F\cf0 \
\cf2 5. Bar Styles J\cf0 \
\cf2 6. view \cf3 I\cf0 \
\cf2 7. Gantt\cf0  \cf2 chart \cf3 B\cf0 \
\cf2 8. cell \cf3 G\cf0 \
\cf2 9. bar chart \cf3 C\cf0 \
\cf2 10. sheet \cf3 E\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs27 \cf2 True/False
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Circle T if the statement is true or F if the statement is false.\cf0 \
\cf2 1. When you make a change to a milestone using the Bar Styles dialog box, the change\cf0 \
\cf2 applies to all milestones in the Gantt chart. - True\cf0 \
\
\cf2 2. The Custom Fields dialog box allows the user to change the name of a custom field.\cf0  - True\
\
\cf2 3. In Microsoft Project, you can edit predefined tables but you cannot create new custom \cf0 \
\cf2 tables to suit your needs.\cf0  - False\
\
\cf2 4. The Gantt Chart view can include only the task data without the bar chart.\cf0  - False\
\
\cf2 5. When you make formatting changes to your project schedule, the data does not change, \cf0 \
\cf2 just the way it appears.\cf0  - True\
\
\cf2 6. When you add, remove, or rearrange columns or change column widths, you are \cf0 \
\cf2 changing the table's definition.\cf0  - True \
\cf2 \
7. You can make almost any custom field part of a calculation for another custom field.\cf0  - True \
\
\cf2 8. If you format data using the Font dialog box, the changes apply to only the data you \cf0  \
\cf2 have specifically selected.\cf0  - False\
\
\cf2 9. The Gantt Chart Styles has more formatting choices than the Bar Styles dialog box.\cf0  - True\
\
\cf2 10. Changing the appearance of data in a view can make it easier to read and understand \cf0 \
\cf2 project data. - True\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs2 \cf2 Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
}