{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2  \cf0 \
\cf2 Knowledge Assessment Lesson 7\cf0 \
\cf2 Fill in the Blank\cf0 \
\cf2 Complete the following sentences by writing the correct word or words in the blanks provided.\cf0 \
\cf2 1. \cf3 Autofilter \cf2 is a quick way to view only the task or resource information you choose. \cf0 \
\cf2 2. In the Sort dialogue box, you can utilize up to \cf3 Three\cf2  nested levels of sort criteria. \cf0 \
\cf2 3. When you use grouping, the \cf3 Summary\cf2  data rows are set off by a coloured background. \cf0 \
\cf2 4. When AutoFilter is turned on, small \cf3 Arrows\cf2  are visible next to the column headings. \cf0 \
\cf2 5. A way to reorder task or resource information in a table and to display summary values according to various\cf0 \
\cf2 criteria you can choose is called a(n) \cf3 Group.\cf0 \
\cf2 6. The \cf3 More Filters\cf2  dialogue box shows you all of the predefined filters that are available to you for tasks or\cf0 \
\cf2 resources. \cf0 \
\cf2 7. A(n) \cf3 Sort\cf2  is a way of ordering task or resource information in a view by the criteria you specify. \cf0 \
\cf2 8. When you apply a filter, you may see gaps in the order of the \cf3 Task IDs\cf0 \
\cf2 9. When you sort data in your project, the sort applies to the active \cf3 View\cf2 , no matter which table is displayed. \cf0 \
\cf2 10. A tool that enables you to see or highlight in a table only the task or resource information that meets the\cf0 \
\cf2 criteria you choose is a(n) \cf3 Filter\cf2 . \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Multiple Choice\cf0 \
\cf2 1.Which of the following is the simplest way to reorganize data in Microsoft Project?\cf0 \
\cf2 1.filtering\cf0 \
\cf2 2.\cf3 sorting\cf0 \
\cf2 3.grouping\cf0 \
\cf2 4.AutoFiltering\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 2.\cf0  \cf2 The function lets you reverse actions you have performed in Microsoft Project.\cf0 \
\cf2 1.\cf0  \cf2 Task Drivers\cf0 \
\cf2 2.\cf0  \cf2 Reverse Filtering\cf0 \
\cf2 3.\cf0  \cf3 Multiple Level Undo\cf0 \
\cf2 4.\cf0  \cf2 Ungrouping\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 3.\cf0  \cf2 Which of the following is the one instance in which the actual data of your project is changed by\cf0 \
\cf2 sorting?\cf0 \
\cf2 1.\cf0  \cf2 The Permanently renumber resources check box is selected.\cf0 \
\cf2 2.\cf0  \cf2 The Multiple Level Undo function is disabled.\cf0 \
\cf2 3.\cf0  \cf2 The project is saved before the sorting is reversed.\cf0 \
\cf2 4.\cf0  \cf3 All of the above.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 4.\cf0  \cf2 When you apply a group to your project schedule, the data in the summary rows cannot be\cf0 \
\cf2 changed directly because of which of the following?\cf0 \
\cf2 1.\cf0  \cf2 It will cause the grouping to become permanent.\cf0 \
\cf2 2. \cf0 I\cf2 t will alter the data in your project schedule.\cf0 \
\cf2 3.\cf0  \cf3 It is derived from subordinate data.\cf0 \
\cf2 4.\cf0  \cf2 It will cause an error in the grouping function.\cf0 \
\cf2 5.\cf0  \cf2 When AutoFilter is on, clicking on the down arrow next to the column heading does which of the\cf0 \
\cf2 following?\cf0 \
\cf2 1.\cf0  \cf2 sorts the data in descending order\cf0 \
\cf2 2.\cf0  \cf2 turns the AutoFilter off\cf0 \
\cf2 3.\cf0  \cf2 automatically adjusts the column width\cf0 \
\cf2 4.\cf0  \cf3 allows you to select criteria to apply to the filter\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 6.\cf0  \cf2 How many times can the Multiple Level Undo function be used?\cf0 \
\cf2 1.\cf0  \cf2 as many times as desired\cf0 \
\cf2 2.\cf0  \cf3 up to 99 times, or until the original data is restored\cf0 \
\cf2 3.\cf0  \cf2 up to 35 consecutive times\cf0 \
\cf2 4.\cf0  \cf2 up to 50 consecutive times\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 7.\cf0  \cf2 If a view has a filter applied to it, the name of the filter will be displayed in the Filter box on the\cf0  \cf2 ribbon.\cf0 \
\cf2 1.\cf0  \cf2 Data\cf0 \
\cf2 2.\cf0  \cf2 Format\cf0 \
\cf2 3.\cf0  \cf3 View\cf0 \
\cf2 4.\cf0  \cf2 Resource Management\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 8.\cf0  \cf2 There is no visual indicator that a task or resource view has been sorted other than which of the\cf0 \
\cf2 following?\cf0 \
\cf2 1.\cf0  \cf2 the shaded summary rows\cf0 \
\cf2 2.\cf0  t\cf2 he small s at the top of each data column\cf0 \
\cf2 3.\cf0  \cf3 the order in which the rows of data appear\cf0 \
\cf2 4.\cf0  \cf2 There is no visual indicator to show a view has been sorted.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 9.\cf0  \cf2 Grouping might be helpful if you are trying to see which of the following?\cf0 \
\cf2 1.\cf0  \cf2 only the tasks that contain the word weekly\cf0 \
\cf2 2.\cf0  \cf2 the critical path tasks\cf0 \
\cf2 3.\cf0  \cf2 the tasks ordered from highest to lowest cost\cf0 \
\cf2 4.\cf0  \cf3 the total cost of each resource group\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 10. You cannot save custom settings that you have specified for which of the following?\cf0 \
\cf2 1.\cf0  \cf3 sorting\cf0 \
\cf2 2.\cf0  \cf2 grouping\cf0 \
\cf2 3.\cf0  \cf2 filtering\cf0 \
\cf2 4.\cf0  \cf2 all of the above\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs2 \cf2 Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)
\fs24 \cf0 \
}