{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 Knowledge Assessment
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 Matching
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 Match the term in column 1 to its description in column 2.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 1.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 cost rate table
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 ANS] h. resource pay rates that are stored on the Costs tab of the Resource Information 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 dialog box.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 2.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 Underallocated
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 ANS] e. the work assigned to a resource is less than the resource\'92s maximum capacity.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 3.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 Variable Consumption Rate
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 ANS] d. the amount of the material resource consumed is dependent upon the duration of 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 the task\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 4.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 Units
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 ANS] j. the measurement of a resource\'92s capacity to work\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 5. Allocation
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 ANS] i. the portion of a resource\'92s capacity devoted to work on a specific task\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 6.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 fixed consumption rate
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 ANS] a. an absolute quantity of material resources will be used, no matter the duration of 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 the task\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 7.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 overallocated
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 ANS] c. a resource is assigned to do more work than can be done within the normal 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 capacity of the resource\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 8.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 resource leveling
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 ANS] f. the process of delaying or splitting a resource\'92s work on a task to resolve an 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 overallocation\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 9.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 fully allocated 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 ANS] b. the total work of a resource\'92s task assignments is exactly equal to that resource\'92s 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 work capacity\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 10. Max. Unit      ANS ] g. the maximum capacity of a resource to accomplish work\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 True/False Circle T if the statement is true or F if the statement is false.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 1.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 Resource leveling cannot always resolve all resource overallocations.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 ANS] True
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 2.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 A resource cannot have both a cost per use and a cost derived from its pay rate.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 False
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 3.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 Resource leveling never changes who is assigned to tasks or the total work value of 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 those assignments.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 TRUE
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 4.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 You can manually resolve a resource overallocation by replacing the overallocated 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 resource with another resource.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 TRUE
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 5.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 You can assign two types of material consumption rates in Microsoft Project.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 TRUE
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 6.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 The settings in the Resource Leveling dialog box apply to all of the project schedules 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 you work with in Microsoft Project.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 TRUE.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 7.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 You can have up to six cost rate tables for a resource.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 FALSE
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 8.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 It is not acceptable to allow a minor overallocation to remain in a schedule.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 FALSE
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 9.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 The default rate table in Microsoft Project is Rate Table 1.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 FALSE.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 10.
\fs24 \cf0  
\fs22 \cf2 When a variable consumption rate is assigned to a material resource, and the 
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 duration of the task to which it is assigned changes, so do the calculated amount and
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 cost of the material resource.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs22 \cf2 TRUE
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs2 \cf2 Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)
\fs24 \cf0 \
}